Should the client have the responbility of knowing who it is and where it sits
on the table

No! It should be the responsibility of the server to TAILOR that information on
a per client basis -- This is BECAUSE: Should there be other clients for this
server, the logic of a client knowing where its position is at the table won't
need to be replicated for each one. Each one can just expect tailored state.

SO:
The server is going to be responsible for tailoring small pieces of information
to each respective client so that they can know:

DEALT_CARDS:
1. What rotation offset should the cardmap be at so that this {socket connected
   to server with specific playerId} player's card appears at the bottom of the
   the card circle on the screen.

2. The CardMap will be tailored to each player:
    When cards are dealt during the game, players who are not the currnet connected
    player who have cards, those players will recieve a true value for their card
    the client will know tha true values mean to display a card face down, and a Card
    value means to show the card face up. a value of False will not display a card.

3. Order of the card map is crucial. In Modi, when the dealer deals cards, they start
    with the player to their left and continues aorund the circle until dealing to
    themself. So, here's the abstract:
      - If we know the dealer index, then we can properly map out who gets which card,
      - Since we can assume tha the order the cards were dealt in is the order the
        players recieve them
      - This of course assumes that the client knows beforehand, an ordered list of
        playerIds. That is why ensuring the client recieves the initialState prior
        to recieving any state change actions is very important. 


                  cards[2]
                    Ikey



         cards[1]             Dealer:
          Ralph                 Ray
                              cards[4]


                  cards[0]
                    Mike



TRADING CARDS:
1. Which indices in the CardMap are swapping
2. If the in




The client is going to recieve initial state
the client needs to have a GameStateStore manager